The meal is not over when I'm full. The meal is over when I hate myself.

I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, "Where's the self-help section?" She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.

I’m circumcised ‘cause I don’t cum from the hood.

When you look like I do it’s hard to get a table for one at Chucky Cheese.

Did you ever wake up with an erection...and find yourself in a massage chair at Brookstone? And you yell to the sales clerk "I'll take it!"

If I saw myself dressed like that, I'd have to kick my own ass.

Having a kid is great... as long as his eyes are closed and he's not moving or talking.

I am so busy doing nothing... that the idea of doing anything - which as you know, always leads to something - cuts into the nothing and then forces me to have to drop everything.

Dentists tell you not to pick your teeth with any sharp metal object. Then you sit in their chair... and the first thing they grab is an iron hook.

Anal sex is a lot like spinach: if you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult.

Ever since I started to get recognition I've picked out certain fans and reverse-stalked them.

I can't even find someone for a platonic relationship, much less the kind where someone wants to see me naked.

You have to be able to laugh at yourself. That's what I tell Asian people all the time.

My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.

Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?

I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.

I have a lot of growing up to do. I realised that the other day inside my fort.

Love is like a fart. If you have to force it it’s probably shit.

I like an escalator because an escalator can never break. It can only become stairs. There would never be an ‘Escalator Temporarily Out of Order’ sign, only ‘Escalator Temporarily Stairs

If God had written the Bible, the first line should have been ‘It’s round.

Apparently smoking cannabis can affect your short term memory. Well if that’s true, what do you think smoking cannabis does?

Do Transformers get car, or life insurance?

A good rule to remember for life is that when it comes to plastic surgery and sushi, never be attracted by a bargain.

My father drank so heavily, when he blew on the birthday cake he lit the candles.

A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a train load of terrapins. What a turtle disaster!

A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: “Sorry, we don’t serve food in here.”

I always wanted to be somebody, but now realize I should have been
more specific.

Twenty years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die

Racism isn't born, folks, it's taught. I have a two-year-old son. You know what he hates? Naps. End of list.

When people say ‘it’s always the last place you look’. Of course it is. Why would you keep looking after you’ve found it?

A new report says that dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with almost 98 percent accuracy. The report also finds that cats can sniff it out with 100 percent accuracy, but they prefer to watch you die.

People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made

Yeah, I know, some people are against drunk driving, and I call those people "the cops." But you know, sometimes, you've just got no choice; those kids gotta get to school!

If you've never seen an elephant ski, you've never been on acid.

I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.

I wonder what chairs think about all day: "Oh, here comes another asshole."

I was once on a German talk show, and this woman said to me, "Mr. Williams, why do you think there is not so much comedy in Germany?" And I said, "Did you ever think you killed all the funny people?"

Ain't noone ever overdosed on weed. You might think that nigga is dead, but he ain't dead. He's gonna wake up in half an hour, and eat eve-erything.

Recently my girlfriend asked me if I was having sex behind her back and I replied, "Yes, who did you think it was?"

Why do they put Braille on the drive-through bank machines?

Talk is what you suffer through so you can get to sex.

If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat.

Who was the greatest prostitute in history? Ms. Pacman, for 25 cents that b*tch swallowed balls till she died.

Every gay guys GPS system would tell him to Go straight.

Jon, your act is like masturbation: you're the only one who enjoys it, and you should be arrested for doing it in public.

Sometimes you have to suffer a little bit in your youth to motivate yourself to succeed in later life. If Bill Gates had got laid in high school, do you think there'd be a Microsoft?

The designated driver program, it's not a desirable job. But if you ever get sucked into doing it, drop them off at the wrong house.

A man who correctly guesses a woman`s age may be smart, but he`s not very bright.

You know, with Hitler, the more I learn about that guy, the more I don't care for him.

If you hit a midget on the head with a stick, he turns into 40 gold coins.

I'm not addicted to coke, i just love the way it smells

I'm from a little place called England ... We used to run the world before you.

Where there's a will - there's a relative!

A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss.

Playing golf is like going to a strip joint. After 18 holes you're tired and most of your balls are missing.

Electricity can be dangerous. My nephew tried to stick a penny into a plug. Whoever said a penny doesn't go far didn't see him shoot across that floor. I told him he was grounded.

The day my buddy's daughter was born he said, "I already love her so much, and I know that I would die for her." I said, "Dude.... you just met her... you always do this

Aaron is the worst name. It’s the first name in The Baby Name Book. How lazy can your parents be

My husband is white and I'm black. I love being in an interracial relationship because I teach him about soul food and why Black Lives Matter; and he teaches me about filing taxes and showing up to places on time

I joined a mom’s group in Los Angeles. Yeah, I don’t find any of these mom's particularly interesting or fun, but when you’re a new mom on maternity leave, it’s like The Walking Dead – you just gotta hook up with a crew to survive.

My wife is always trying to get rid of me. Last night she told me to put the garbage out. I told her I already did. She told me to go keep an eye on it.